Things learned in Javascript:

Creating Variables:
var, let, const

Data-Types:
String, integer, float

Operand:
The number on which operators are going to be performed

Operations:
Mathematical expressions like +,-,++,etc

Operators:
unary operatos: has only one operand and one operator
binary operator: has two or more than two operands and operators

Arithmetic Operators:
(+) Add
(-) subtract
(*) multiply
(/) divide
(**) exponential {puts the num2 as the power of num1}
(++) adds 1 to the variable:
		if use before the variable then displays the updated value, and if used after it will only update the value and display the older value
(--) subtracts 1 to the variable:
		if use before the variable then displays the updated value, and if used after it will only update the value and display the older value

Strings and it's Functions:

To join use two strings, we use "+". Eg: var1 + var2
To join a string variable in a line, we use this format, console.log(`${var1}`)
var1.length is used to find out the total characteristics in a variable. It's index count starts from 1.
\n is used to creaete new lines between a string
\t creates tab space between string
new String("Here goes the new string"); This way we can add new string.
var1.toUpperCase is used to uppercase the string
var1.toLowerCase is is used to lowercase the string
var1.indexOf function is used to find the string place number from where the word in the value begins from, it counts the index from left-right.
var1.lastIndexOf function is used to find the string place number from where the word in the value begins from, it counts the index from right-left.
var1.slice function is used to get a piece from the string. It takes two values in the function i.e.(a, b). It prints the string from a-b-1. I takes both negative & positive value
var1.substring function is used to get a piece from the string. It takes two values in the function i.e.(a, b). It prints the string from a-b-1. I takes only positive values.
var1.trim() This method is used to remove several unwanted blank spaces from a string. It removes white space only before the first word
var1.charAt()This method is used to extract the character of a string from the given index value
var1.charCodeAt()This method is used to find the UTF encoding of the character

Notes on variables and Block space:

we can use var instead of let because let will not allow to create two variables by same name but var will allow it.
A block is set using "{}". Block is a different place in the same code page which has it's own different world.
If we use "let a" variable outside of a block and again make a let a inside of a block then it will be allowed because it is inside a block space.
const is another form of creating a variable. The value inside const cannot be changed.

Scope and If Else conditionals:

if...else if.....else
switch...case....break


alert, prompt, confirmation and using if...else conditionals with prompt.
For....loop


